README.md, before:

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Ashlee McCarty

<div align="center">
  
## 🚀 Systems Integration Extraordinaire & AI Management Expert

**Founder of Vibrant VA Services**

*Transforming businesses through intelligent automation and seamless system integration*

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-vibrantvas-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/vibrantvas)
[![Credly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Credly-Credentials-orange?style=flat&logo=credly)](https://www.credly.com/users/ash-devry/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-vibrantvaservices%40gmail.com-red?style=flat&logo=gmail)](mailto:vibrantvaservices@gmail.com)

</div>

---

## 💡 About Me

I'm a systems integration specialist and AI management expert with a proven track record of creating automated solutions that streamline business operations. As the founder of **Vibrant VA Services**, I help businesses leverage AI and automation to work smarter, reduce administrative overhead, and focus on growth.

With extensive experience in executive support, project management, and business process optimization, I combine technical expertise with strategic thinking to deliver solutions that solve real business challenges. Currently pursuing advanced studies in Project Management and Business at DeVry/Keller while building cutting-edge AI-powered systems for clients worldwide.

## 🎯 What I Do

- 🤖 **AI Systems Integration** - Design and implement custom AI automation solutions that reduce workload by up to 60%
- 📊 **Project Management** - Coordinate complex projects with multiple stakeholders, ensuring on-time delivery
- 🔧 **Business Process Optimization** - Identify inefficiencies and implement automated solutions that save 15+ hours weekly
- 💼 **Executive Virtual Assistant Services** - Provide comprehensive C-suite administrative support with AI enhancement
- 🌐 **Web Development & Automation** - Build functional applications, dashboards, and integration tools
- 🔗 **Platform Integration** - Connect disparate business systems (Trello, Slack, Gmail, CRM) into unified workflows

## 💻 Technical Skills

### AI & Automation
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![APIs](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Integration-green?style=flat)
![Automation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Automation-Tools-orange?style=flat)

- AI Tool Integration & Management
- Workflow Automation Systems
- API Development & Integration
- Process Optimization & Mapping
- Zapier, Make (Integromat)
- Custom Python Scripts

### Development
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)

- HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Python
- Git & Version Control
- Responsive Web Design
- Database Management

### Business & Project Management Tools
- **Project Management:** Trello, Asana, Monday.com, Jira
- **Communication:** Slack, Microsoft Teams, Zoom
- **Documentation:** Google Workspace, Microsoft Office Suite
- **CRM Systems:** HubSpot, Salesforce
- **Time Tracking:** Toggl, Clockify, RescueTime
- **Social Media:** Buffer, Hootsuite
- **Email Management:** Gmail, Outlook, Automation Tools

## 🔭 Current Projects

- 🌟 **[AI Business Automation Suite](https://github.com/vibrantvas/ai-automation-suite)** - Comprehensive AI solutions for small business automation
- 📝 **[Client Management Dashboard](https://github.com/vibrantvas/client-dashboard)** - Real-time project tracking with automated notifications
- 🤝 **[VA Service Platform](https://github.com/vibrantvas/va-platform)** - Streamlined platform connecting VAs with clients
- 📚 **[Process Documentation System](https://github.com/vibrantvas/process-docs)** - Automated SOP creation and maintenance tool
- 🔗 **[Multi-Platform Integration Hub](https://github.com/vibrantvas/integration-hub)** - Unified system connecting business tools

## 💼 Professional Experience

### 🚀 Founder & Lead Specialist | Vibrant VA Services
**2023 - Present** • Remote

Building and scaling a full-service virtual assistant business that leverages AI and automation to deliver exceptional client results:

- Founded and manage virtual assistant business serving clients across multiple industries
- Design custom AI-powered automation solutions reducing client workload by up to 60%
- Develop integrated systems connecting Trello, Slack, Gmail, and CRM platforms
- Manage complex projects ensuring on-time delivery and quality standards
- Provide strategic business consultation on process optimization
- Achieved 100% client retention through exceptional service delivery
- Reduced client administrative overhead by average of 15+ hours per week

### 💼 Professional Assistant | J and S Digital Services
**2022 - Present** • Remote (Contract)

Providing high-level administrative support to C-suite executives and business owners:

- Manage complex calendars and coordinate meetings across multiple time zones
- Handle confidential correspondence and client communications
- Coordinate project timelines across cross-functional teams
- Create and maintain comprehensive documentation systems
- Process financial documentation and expense reports
- Research and compile data for executive decision-making
- Manage social media accounts and professional online presence

### 📋 Administrative Specialist | Various Client Contracts
**2020 - 2022** • Remote (Freelance)

Delivered virtual administrative support to small businesses and entrepreneurs:

- Provided comprehensive administrative support across multiple client accounts
- Implemented organizational systems and standard operating procedures
- Conducted market research and competitive analysis
- Coordinated vendor relationships and contract management
- Handled customer service and client onboarding processes

## 🎓 Education & Certifications

**DeVry University / Keller Graduate School**  
*Project Management & Business* • Current

**Focus Areas:**
- Project Management Methodologies (PMBOK)
- Business Analysis & Requirements
- Risk & Quality Management
- Cost Estimation & Budgeting
- Stakeholder Communication

**Certifications:**
- 🏆 Project Management Professional (in progress)
- 📜 Business Analysis Certification
- 🤖 AI & Automation Specialist
- 🔧 Systems Integration Certification
- 📊 [View All Credentials on Credly](https://www.credly.com/users/ash-devry/)
- 🎓 [Complete Credential Wallet](https://www.credential.net/profile/ash-devry/wallet)

## 🌱 Currently Learning

- Advanced AI Agent Development & LLM Integration
- Full-Stack Web Development (MERN Stack)
- Cloud Infrastructure & Deployment (AWS, Azure)
- Advanced Project Management Techniques (Agile, Scrum)
- Machine Learning Integration for Business Applications
- DevOps & CI/CD Practices

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vibrantvas&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=F85D7F&icon_color=F8D866)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=vibrantvas&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=F85D7F)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=vibrantvas&theme=radical&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=F85D7F&ring=F85D7F&fire=F8D866&currStreakLabel=F8D866)

</div>

## 🏆 Key Achievements

- 💯 **100% Client Retention Rate** - Maintained through exceptional service delivery
- ⏰ **15+ Hours Saved Weekly** - Average time saved per client through automation
- 📈 **60% Workload Reduction** - Achieved through custom AI solutions
- 🤝 **Multi-Industry Experience** - Served clients in tech, consulting, e-commerce, and services
- 🚀 **Proprietary Systems** - Developed automation frameworks now used across multiple accounts

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in collaborating on innovative projects, especially those involving:
- 🤖 AI automation and intelligent systems integration
- 📊 Business process improvement and optimization
- 📁 Project management tools and methodologies
- 💼 Virtual assistant technology and platforms
- 🔗 Multi-platform integration and workflow automation

### 📫 Contact Me

📧 **Email:** [vibrantvaservices@gmail.com](mailto:vibrantvaservices@gmail.com)  
💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/vibrantvas](https://linkedin.com/in/vibrantvas)  
🐙 **GitHub:** [@vibrantvas](https://github.com/vibrantvas)  
📂 **Repository:** [github.com/vibrantvas/portfolio](https://github.com/vibrantvas/portfolio)  
🏆 **Credentials:** [Credly](https://www.credly.com/users/ash-devry/) | [Credential Wallet](https://www.credential.net/profile/ash-devry/wallet)

## 💼 Available For

✨ **AI Automation Projects** - Custom solutions for business process automation  
📊 **Project Management Consulting** - Setup, optimization, and training  
🤝 **Virtual Assistant Services** - Executive support with AI enhancement  
🔧 **Systems Integration** - Connecting your business tools seamlessly  
💻 **Web Development** - Dashboards, tools, and client portals

---

<div align="center">

### ⚡ Fun Fact
I'm obsessed with finding the perfect AI tool for every task - if it can be automated, I'll figure out how! My mission is to help businesses reclaim their time by automating the mundane, so they can focus on what truly matters. 🤖✨

*"Technology is best when it brings people together and makes their lives easier."*

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=vibrantvas&color=F85D7F&style=flat-square)

</div>

Commit message:

Update README to reflect current experience and add script
Removed outdated professional experience details and added a script to generate the README file.

README.md, after:

# Hi there! 👋 I'm Ashlee McCarty

<div align="center">
  
## 🚀 Systems Integration Extraordinaire & AI Management Expert

**Founder of Vibrant VA Services**

*Transforming businesses through intelligent automation and seamless system integration*

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-vibrantvas-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/vibrantvas)
[![Credly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Credly-Credentials-orange?style=flat&logo=credly)](https://www.credly.com/users/ash-devry/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-vibrantvaservices%40gmail.com-red?style=flat&logo=gmail)](mailto:vibrantvaservices@gmail.com)

</div>

---

## 💡 About Me

I'm a systems integration specialist and AI management expert with a proven track record of creating automated solutions that streamline business operations. As the founder of **Vibrant VA Services**, I help businesses leverage AI and automation to work smarter, reduce administrative overhead, and focus on growth.

With extensive experience in executive support, project management, and business process optimization, I combine technical expertise with strategic thinking to deliver solutions that solve real business challenges. Currently pursuing advanced studies in Project Management and Business at DeVry/Keller while building cutting-edge AI-powered systems for clients worldwide.

## 🎯 What I Do

- 🤖 **AI Systems Integration** - Design and implement custom AI automation solutions that reduce workload by up to 60%
- 📊 **Project Management** - Coordinate complex projects with multiple stakeholders, ensuring on-time delivery
- 🔧 **Business Process Optimization** - Identify inefficiencies and implement automated solutions that save 15+ hours weekly
- 💼 **Executive Virtual Assistant Services** - Provide comprehensive C-suite administrative support with AI enhancement
- 🌐 **Web Development & Automation** - Build functional applications, dashboards, and integration tools
- 🔗 **Platform Integration** - Connect disparate business systems (Trello, Slack, Gmail, CRM) into unified workflows

## 💻 Technical Skills

### AI & Automation
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![APIs](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Integration-green?style=flat)
![Automation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Automation-Tools-orange?style=flat)

- AI Tool Integration & Management
- Workflow Automation Systems
- API Development & Integration
- Process Optimization & Mapping
- Zapier, Make (Integromat)
- Custom Python Scripts

### Development
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)

- HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Python
- Git & Version Control
- Responsive Web Design
- Database Management

### Business & Project Management Tools
- **Project Management:** Trello, Asana, Monday.com, Jira
- **Communication:** Slack, Microsoft Teams, Zoom
- **Documentation:** Google Workspace, Microsoft Office Suite
- **CRM Systems:** HubSpot, Salesforce
- **Time Tracking:** Toggl, Clockify, RescueTime
- **Social Media:** Buffer, Hootsuite
- **Email Management:** Gmail, Outlook, Automation Tools

## 🔭 Current Projects

- 🌟 **[AI Business Automation Suite](https://github.com/vibrantvas/ai-automation-suite)** - Comprehensive AI solutions for small business automation
- 📝 **[Client Management Dashboard](https://github.com/vibrantvas/client-dashboard)** - Real-time project tracking with automated notifications
- 🤝 **[VA Service Platform](https://github.com/vibrantvas/va-platform)** - Streamlined platform connecting VAs with clients
- 📚 **[Process Documentation System](https://github.com/vibrantvas/process-docs)** - Automated SOP creation and maintenance tool
- 🔗 **[Multi-Platform Integration Hub](https://github.com/vibrantvas/integration-hub)** - Unified system connecting business tools

## 💼 Professional Experience

### 🚀 Founder & Lead Specialist | Vibrant VA Services
**2023 - Present** • Remote

Building and scaling a full-service virtual assistant business that leverages AI and automation to deliver exceptional client results:

- Founded and manage virtual assistant business serving clients across multiple industries
- Design custom AI-powered automation solutions reducing client workload by up to 60%
- Develop integrated systems connecting Trello, Slack, Gmail, and CRM platforms
- Manage complex projects ensuring on-time delivery and quality standards
- Provide strategic business consultation on process optimization
- Achieved 100% client retention through exceptional service delivery
- Reduced client administrative overhead by average of 15+ hours per week
- Manage complex calendars and coordinate meetings across multiple time zones
- Handle confidential correspondence and client communications
- Coordinate project timelines across cross-functional teams
- Create and maintain comprehensive documentation systems
- Process financial documentation and expense reports
- Research and compile data for executive decision-making
- Manage social media accounts and professional online presence
- Provided comprehensive administrative support across multiple client accounts
- Implemented organizational systems and standard operating procedures
- Conducted market research and competitive analysis
- Coordinated vendor relationships and contract management
- Handled customer service and client onboarding processes

## 🎓 Education & Certifications

**DeVry University / Keller Graduate School**  
*Project Management & Business* • Current

**Focus Areas:**
- Project Management Methodologies (PMBOK)
- Business Analysis & Requirements
- Risk & Quality Management
- Cost Estimation & Budgeting
- Stakeholder Communication

**Certifications:**
- 🏆 Project Management Professional (in progress)
- 📜 Business Analysis Certification
- 🤖 AI & Automation Specialist
- 🔧 Systems Integration Certification
- 📊 [View All Credentials on Credly](https://www.credly.com/users/ash-devry/)
- 🎓 [Complete Credential Wallet](https://www.credential.net/profile/ash-devry/wallet)

## 🌱 Currently Learning

- Advanced AI Agent Development & LLM Integration
- Full-Stack Web Development (MERN Stack)
- Cloud Infrastructure & Deployment (AWS, Azure)
- Advanced Project Management Techniques (Agile, Scrum)
- Machine Learning Integration for Business Applications
- DevOps & CI/CD Practices

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vibrantvas&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=F85D7F&icon_color=F8D866)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=vibrantvas&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=F85D7F)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=vibrantvas&theme=radical&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=F85D7F&ring=F85D7F&fire=F8D866&currStreakLabel=F8D866)

</div>

## 🏆 Key Achievements

- 💯 **100% Client Retention Rate** - Maintained through exceptional service delivery
- ⏰ **15+ Hours Saved Weekly** - Average time saved per client through automation
- 📈 **60% Workload Reduction** - Achieved through custom AI solutions
- 🤝 **Multi-Industry Experience** - Served clients in tech, consulting, e-commerce, and services
- 🚀 **Proprietary Systems** - Developed automation frameworks now used across multiple accounts

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in collaborating on innovative projects, especially those involving:
- 🤖 AI automation and intelligent systems integration
- 📊 Business process improvement and optimization
- 📁 Project management tools and methodologies
- 💼 Virtual assistant technology and platforms
- 🔗 Multi-platform integration and workflow automation

### 📫 Contact Me

📧 **Email:** [vibrantvaservices@gmail.com](mailto:vibrantvaservices@gmail.com)  
💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/vibrantvas](https://linkedin.com/in/vibrantvas)  
🐙 **GitHub:** [@vibrantvas](https://github.com/vibrantvas)  
📂 **Repository:** [github.com/vibrantvas/portfolio](https://github.com/vibrantvas/portfolio)  
🏆 **Credentials:** [Credly](https://www.credly.com/users/ash-devry/) | [Credential Wallet](https://www.credential.net/profile/ash-devry/wallet)

## 💼 Available For

✨ **AI Automation Projects** - Custom solutions for business process automation  
📊 **Project Management Consulting** - Setup, optimization, and training  
🤝 **Virtual Assistant Services** - Executive support with AI enhancement  
🔧 **Systems Integration** - Connecting your business tools seamlessly  
💻 **Web Development** - Dashboards, tools, and client portals

---

<div align="center">

### ⚡ Fun Fact
I'm obsessed with finding the perfect AI tool for every task - if it can be automated, I'll figure out how! My mission is to help businesses reclaim their time by automating the mundane, so they can focus on what truly matters. 🤖✨

*"Technology is best when it brings people together and makes their lives easier."*

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=vibrantvas&color=F85D7F&style=flat-square)

</div>
"""

with open('README.md', 'w', encoding='utf-8') as f:
    f.write(profile_readme)

print("✅ Created: README.md (for vibrantvas/vibrantvas repository)")
